Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI here!
Today I’ll also be very energetic!!
It’s because of that, that today I’ll be using an app!
The app I’ll be using today is the following:
"How did this happen? Drawing Collapse"
In that case, let’s start at once!!
♪ A.I.Channel ♪
Start!
Mmm...?
"Onward! Monsters of the future"?
"Without blind spots"
Mmm...?
"Question 1"
"In trying to win the match, it seems like their body is reaching its limit"
"If you’re capable of moving like that, you can play without worrying about blind spots, right?"
Mmm...?
In this match...
"...Future athletes from Japan gather around"
Yes, yes
Ah!!
I got it!!
Isn’t his neck rather strange? His neck!
This! Here! Look!
Here! I’m sure that I found it!
I did it!
His neck!
It was turned around, right?
How terrifying
Incredible!!
His neck was turned around like that ♪
Question 2!
"Not just him..."
"This person as well..."
"The chosen athletes..."
"Have all their skeletons evolved?"
"Definitely, they’re not the same as the rest"
Eh? Which is it?
If they’re talking about skeletons, then...
Is it this person that’s here in front?
Ah! I got it!
Ah! They have a broken neck!
Couldn’t you turn your head like that if you tried hard?
Question 3!
"To be able to train"
"Do they do intensive training with something that’s custom sized?"
"No matter how skilled you are at sports..."
"...It’s obvious you’ll fail at attempting it" Eh?
Custom sized? Eh!?
Eeeehhh?
Ah! Ah! Is it this?
This!
The hurdle is...
...Too big, in fact...
This is used to jump over
But...
...It’s impossible, right?
Eh? I messed up?
"An intensive training with something that’s custom sized"
Eh? But wait, the ball...
Well, you know...
...Given the sense of distance, it’d look like that...
What is it that has a custom size?
This!
This hurdle!
Ah, I see...
Aaaahh! I see!
They’d crash into it!! Right?
Ah!
It’s this! This! Eh?
"Do you plan on carrying this challenge?"
"If you can beat it”
"You will be able to beat a new world record with ease"
It’s this! Right?
I found it!
SHA!
"File 2"
"Leave it in the hands of the little detective!"
"They tried to fold up like a compact case, but..."
"Didn’t they end up stretching even more?"
"In fact, they have a good body, do they intend to hide it!?"
Ah! This!
Here!
Very good!
Right? It’s so long
"Instead of a child, he already looks like a dwarf"
Here!
Look!
Very good!
Question 3!
"Isn’t this a more grave case?"
"It seems like it’s extremely painful"
Ueeh?
Is it this? Aren’t they missing their legs?
I’m mistaken!?
Eh? What is it that looks painful?
Aaaahhh!!
It’s this!
On the door...!
Her hand...! Her hand...!
...It’s being pierced through!!
That doesn’t look good at all
"Flexibility without restraints..."
"It seems you can hide easily this way..."
"...When infiltrating the scene of the crime"
Isn’t it this?
This
Very good!
Right? That body is dangerous
"File 3"!
"Question 1"!
"In a tense scene..."
"...A sensation that seems to leave them without energy"
Ueeeeh?
Is it this?
Is it this old man?
Ooohhh!!
It’s true! It’s rather...
Hahaha
He looks like Uncle Jam! ♪
(Character from the illustrated books "Go! Anpanman")
Save me, Anpanman!
"Question 2"
"Asking if you’re alright? And what about you?"
"To be able to arrive a second ahead..."
"Did they activate their special skills?"
It’s this! Right?
It’s that arm! Right?
It’s something like "Gomu gomu no..." whatever it’s called, right?
(One of Luffy’s attacks, main character from One Piece)
It’s true, he ate the devil fruit
I’d also like to eat a devil fruit, with this...
...Pyoko Pyoko...
"Here comes my attack!!", I’d like to do something like that
Question 3!
"It seems they have a relaxed face, but..."
"...at seeing it, it’s me who can’t be relaxed"
Eh? What is it? What is it?
This?
Do they have 3 arms?
Who’s Bidarii?
(She misread Hidarii, which means "Lefty”, it’s a play on words with the name of one of the parasites from the anime Parasyte)
"Question 4"
"With so much space available..."
"...It seems that all members of the family can get in at once!"
"It’s excessively big, but how did they do it to make it go inside the room?"
I got it!!
Yes! Yes!
It’s this...!
...Bed! Right?
It’s true, if it was that big...
...You can...
...Sleep all stretched out together like the “river” kanji (川) or the “four” kanji (四) or the ”five” kanji (五)
SHA!
I’m sure that it’d take around a week to build it, right?
[ Construction time = 1 week ]
What do you think of "Drawing Collapse"?
Man, it was a lot of fun trying to find each question
It was like finding the mistakes in a picture, right?
I’ll also be doing mistakes in my drawings every now and then, so then...
...If you guys want...
...Try to find them, yes? (?)
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!!
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex